Add a CTP note to the DataGrid export to PDF demo (#288)
DevExpress/devextreme-demos: JSDemos/Demos/DataGrid/ExportToPDF/description.md

- <a href="https://github.com/simonbengtsson/jsPDF-AutoTable" target="_blank">jsPDF-AutoTable</a>        
A plugin that creates tables in exported files.

> Once you have referenced/imported all the required resources, call the **DevExpress**.**pdfExporter**.[exportDataGrid(options)](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/pdfExporter/#exportDataGridoptions) method to export **DataGrid** content to PDF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have referenced/imported all the required resources, call the [exportDataGrid(options)](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/pdfExporter/#exportDataGridoptions) method from the [pdfExporter](/Documentation/ApiReference/Common/Utils/pdfExporter/) module to export **DataGrid** content to PDF.
```
